alert-avalanche-danger.svg             --    done
alert-falling-rocks.svg                --    done
barometer.svg                          --    done
beanie.svg                             --    done
celsius.svg                            --    done
clear-day.svg                          --    done
clear-night.svg                        --    done
cloudy.svg                             --    done
code-green.svg                         --    done
code-orange.svg                        --    done
code-red.svg                           --    done
code-yellow.svg                        --    done
compass.svg                            --    done
drizzle.svg                            --    done
dust.svg                               --    done
dust-day.svg                           --    done
dust-night.svg                         --    done
dust-wind.svg                          --    done
extreme.svg                            --    done
extreme-day.svg                        --    done
extreme-day-drizzle.svg                --    done
extreme-day-fog.svg                    --    done
extreme-day-hail.svg                   --    done
extreme-day-haze.svg                   --    done
extreme-day-rain.svg                   --    done
extreme-day-sleet.svg                  --    done
extreme-day-smoke.svg                  --    done
extreme-day-snow.svg                   --    done
extreme-drizzle.svg                    --    done
extreme-fog.svg                        --    done
extreme-hail.svg                       --    done
extreme-haze.svg                       --    done
extreme-night.svg                      --    done
extreme-night-drizzle.svg              --    done
extreme-night-fog.svg                  --    done
extreme-night-hail.svg                 --    done
extreme-night-haze.svg                 --    done
extreme-night-rain.svg                 --    done
extreme-night-sleet.svg                --    done
extreme-night-smoke.svg                --    done
extreme-night-snow.svg                 --    done
extreme-rain.svg                       --    done
extreme-sleet.svg                      --    done
extreme-smoke.svg                      --    done
extreme-snow.svg                       --    done
fahrenheit.svg                         --    done
falling-stars.svg                      --    done
fog.svg                                --    done
fog-day.svg                            --    done
fog-night.svg                          --    done
glove.svg                              --    done
hail.svg                               --    done
haze.svg                               --    done
haze-day.svg                           --    done
haze-night.svg                         --    done
horizon.svg                            --    done
humidity.svg                           --    done
hurricane.svg                          --    done
lightning-bolt.svg                     --    done
mist.svg                               --    done
moon-first-quarter.svg                 --    not done
moon-full.svg                          --    not done
moon-last-quarter.svg                  --    not done
moon-new.svg                           --    not done
moon-waning-crescent.svg               --    not done
moon-waning-gibbous.svg                --    not done
moon-waxing-crescent.svg               --    not done
moon-waxing-gibbous.svg                --    not done
moonrise.svg                           --    done
moonset.svg                            --    done
not-available.svg                      --    done
overcast.svg                           --    done
overcast-day.svg                       --    done
overcast-day-drizzle.svg               --    done
overcast-day-fog.svg                   --    done
overcast-day-hail.svg                  --    done
overcast-day-haze.svg                  --    done
overcast-day-rain.svg                  --    done
overcast-day-sleet.svg                 --    done
overcast-day-smoke.svg                 --    done
overcast-day-snow.svg                  --    done
overcast-drizzle.svg                   --    done
overcast-fog.svg                       --    done
overcast-hail.svg                      --    done
overcast-haze.svg                      --    done
overcast-night.svg                     --    done
overcast-night-drizzle.svg             --    done
overcast-night-fog.svg                 --    done
overcast-night-hail.svg                --    done
overcast-night-haze.svg                --    done
overcast-night-rain.svg                --    done
overcast-night-sleet.svg               --    done
overcast-night-smoke.svg               --    done
overcast-night-snow.svg                --    done
overcast-rain.svg                      --    done
overcast-sleet.svg                     --    done
overcast-smoke.svg                     --    done
overcast-snow.svg                      --    done
partly-cloudy-day.svg                  --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-drizzle.svg          --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-fog.svg              --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-hail.svg             --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-haze.svg             --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-rain.svg             --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-sleet.svg            --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-smoke.svg            --    not done
partly-cloudy-day-snow.svg             --    not done
partly-cloudy-night.svg                --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-drizzle.svg        --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-fog.svg            --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-hail.svg           --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-haze.svg           --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-rain.svg           --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-sleet.svg          --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-smoke.svg          --    not done
partly-cloudy-night-snow.svg           --    not done
pollen.svg                             --    not done
pollen-flower.svg                      --    not done
pollen-grass.svg                       --    not done
pollen-tree.svg                        --    not done
pressure-high.svg                      --    not done
pressure-high-alt.svg                  --    not done
pressure-low.svg                       --    not done
pressure-low-alt.svg                   --    not done
rain.svg                               --    not done
rainbow.svg                            --    not done
rainbow-clear.svg                      --    not done
raindrop.svg                           --    not done
raindrop-measure.svg                   --    not done
raindrops.svg                          --    not done
sleet.svg                              --    not done
smoke.svg                              --    not done
smoke-particles.svg                    --    not done
snow.svg                               --    not done
snowflake.svg                          --    not done
snowman.svg                            --    not done
solar-eclipse.svg                      --    not done
star.svg                               --    not done
starry-night.svg                       --    not done
sunrise.svg                            --    not done
sunset.svg                             --    not done
thermometer.svg                        --    not done
thermometer-celsius.svg                --    not done
thermometer-colder.svg                 --    not done
thermometer-fahrenheit.svg             --    not done
thermometer-glass.svg                  --    not done
thermometer-glass-celsius.svg          --    not done
thermometer-glass-fahrenheit.svg       --    not done
thermometer-mercury.svg                --    not done
thermometer-mercury-cold.svg           --    not done
thermometer-raindrop.svg               --    not done
thermometer-snow.svg                   --    not done
thermometer-sun.svg                    --    not done
thermometer-warmer.svg                 --    not done
thermometer-water.svg                  --    not done
thunderstorms.svg                      --    not done
thunderstorms-day.svg                  --    not done
thunderstorms-day-extreme.svg          --    not done
thunderstorms-day-extreme-rain.svg     --    not done
thunderstorms-day-extreme-snow.svg     --    not done
thunderstorms-day-overcast.svg         --    not done
thunderstorms-day-overcast-rain.svg    --    not done
thunderstorms-day-overcast-snow.svg    --    not done
thunderstorms-day-rain.svg             --    not done
thunderstorms-day-snow.svg             --    not done
thunderstorms-extreme.svg              --    not done
thunderstorms-extreme-rain.svg         --    not done
thunderstorms-extreme-snow.svg         --    not done
thunderstorms-night.svg                --    not done
thunderstorms-night-extreme.svg        --    not done
thunderstorms-night-extreme-rain.svg   --    not done
thunderstorms-night-extreme-snow.svg   --    not done
thunderstorms-night-overcast.svg       --    not done
thunderstorms-night-overcast-rain.svg  --    not done
thunderstorms-night-overcast-snow.svg  --    not done
thunderstorms-night-rain.svg           --    not done
thunderstorms-night-snow.svg           --    not done
thunderstorms-overcast.svg             --    not done
thunderstorms-overcast-rain.svg        --    not done
thunderstorms-overcast-snow.svg        --    not done
thunderstorms-rain.svg                 --    not done
thunderstorms-snow.svg                 --    not done
tide-high.svg                          --    not done
tide-low.svg                           --    not done
time-afternoon.svg                     --    done
time-evening.svg                       --    done
time-late-afternoon.svg                --    done
time-late-evening.svg                  --    done
time-late-morning.svg                  --    done
time-late-night.svg                    --    done
time-morning.svg                       --    done
time-night.svg                         --    done
tornado.svg                            --    done
umbrella.svg                           --    done
umbrella-wind.svg                      --    done
umbrella-wind-alt.svg                  --    done
uv-index.svg                           --    done
uv-index-1.svg                         --    done
uv-index-2.svg                         --    done
uv-index-3.svg                         --    done
uv-index-4.svg                         --    done
uv-index-5.svg                         --    done
uv-index-6.svg                         --    done
uv-index-7.svg                         --    done
uv-index-8.svg                         --    done
uv-index-9.svg                         --    done
uv-index-10.svg                        --    done
uv-index-11.svg                        --    done
wind.svg                               --    done
wind-alert.svg                         --    done
wind-beaufort-0.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-1.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-2.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-3.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-4.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-5.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-6.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-7.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-8.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-9.svg                    --    done
wind-beaufort-10.svg                   --    done
wind-beaufort-11.svg                   --    done
wind-beaufort-12.svg                   --    done
wind-offshore.svg                      --    done
wind-onshore.svg                       --    done
wind-snow.svg                          --    done
windsock.svg                           --    not done
windsock-weak.svg                      --    not done
